Split large jaeger span batch to admire the udp packet size limit (#1853)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: CHANGELOG.md

  - `OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_TRACES_CERTIFICATE`
  - `OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_METRICS_CERTIFICATE`
- Adds `otlpgrpc.WithTimeout` option for configuring timeout to the otlp/gRPC exporter. (#1821)

> - Adds `jaeger.WithMaxPacketSize` option for configuring maximum packet size of jaeger udp agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds `jaeger.WithMaxPacketSize` option for configuring maximum UDP packet size used when connecting to the Jaeger agent. (#1853)
```

- Zipkin Exporter: Ensure mapping between OTel and Zipkin span data complies with the specification. (#1688)
- Fixed typo for default service name in Jaeger Exporter. (#1797)
- Fix flaky OTLP for the reconnnection of the client connection. (#1527, #1814)

> - Fix Jaeger exporter drops batches of spans exceeding the UDP packet size limit. (#1828)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix Jaeger exporter dropping of span batches that exceed the UDP packet size limit.
  Instead, the exporter now splits the batch into smaller sendable batches. (#1828)
```
